c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll.config
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVCTest\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.pdb
